{\rtf1\ansi \deff4\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f5\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar \f4\fs20\lang2057 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\author rde}{\operator rde}{\creatim\yr2003\mo7\dy29\hr18\min35}{\revtim\yr2003\mo7\dy29\hr18\min36}{\version2}
{\edmins1}{\nofpages2}{\nofwords424}{\nofchars2417}{\*\company nun}{\vern57443}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0 \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx709 {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \nowidctlpar \f4\fs20\lang2057 {\f5\fs40\cf11 \tab \tab \tab Migget Chainsaw Hands
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab }{\f5\fs24\cf1 Readme.rtf
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\f5\fs24\ul\cf1 Executing}{\b\f5\fs24\cf1 :}{\f5\fs24\cf1 
\par \tab After extracting to your desired folder, you can play Migget Chainsaw Hands by
\par running the file "Migget.exe."
\par 
\par }{\b\f5\fs24\ul\cf1 Controls}{\b\f5\fs24\cf1 :}{\f5\fs24\cf1 
\par \tab Your character (Migget) can be controlled using the Left/Right arrow keys to move
\par either left or right and Up to jump.  Pressing Control will make Migget attack, while pressing
\par Alt will do a special attack, depending on the current special level (see below).  Other buttons
\par and their functions include P to pause or unpause the game, Escape to exit the game, F11 
\par to show the current framerate, and F12 to take a screenshot.
\par  
\par }{\b\f5\fs24\ul\cf1 Goal}{\b\f5\fs24\cf1 :
\par }{\f5\fs24\cf1 \tab The goal of the game is to defeat as many enemies as you can.  To help Migget with
\par this, are items dropped by the enemies Migget kills.  These items include a extra dose of 
\par health, an extra life, and special pills.
\par 
\par }{\b\f5\fs24\ul\cf1 Special and Special Pills}{\b\f5\fs24\cf1 :
\par }{\f5\fs24\cf1 \tab When Migget collects special pills from someone he has defeated, Migget's Special
\par Level increases.  When his Special Level is high enough, one of the purple orbs on the 
\par bottom of the screen will appear with an X.  At this point Migget can do a Speical Attack by
\par pressing the Alt key.  Though by doing this most or all of Migget's Special Level will be 
\par depleted, he will release a Special Attack.  When two X's are present, Migget will do another
\par more powerful attack.  If though Migget tries use a Special Attack when there are no X's in 
\par the orbs, than he will do a regular attack.  Find out the details behind each Special Attack 
\par by collecting enough pills to try out each one.
\par 
\par }{\b\f5\fs24\ul\cf1 Goal}{\b\f5\fs24\cf1 :
\par }{\f5\fs24\cf1 \tab Every time Migget kills an enemy, your score increases.  If you notice the light in
\par the bottom right corner become lit, then you have beaten the current high score.  Pressing
\par Escape or running out of lives at this point will record your high score the next time you play.
\par 
\par }{\b\f5\fs24\ul\cf1 Story}{\b\f5\fs24\cf1 :
\par }{\f5\fs24\cf1 \tab Migget was captured from his homeworld and taken to the laboratories of the evil cyborg Oradicators.  There they tried to transform him into a gladiator slave,
 warping his mind and replacing his hands with with brutal chainsaws.  But Migget rebelled against their experiments and broke free.  Now trapped on the surface of this alien world, Migget battles on, driven by his lust for vengence and the powerful stimu
lants stolen from the cyborgs.  Though he knows it's only a matter of time before he is overpowered by the endless Oradicator legions, he will not go down without a fight.
\par 
\par }{\b\f5\fs24\ul\cf1 Troubleshooting}{\b\f5\fs24\cf1 :
\par }{\f5\fs24\cf1 \tab If you find you're having a sluggish framerate, try lowering the c
olour to 24-bit by opening up the config.exe file in the root directory.  Select sphere_gl.dll and then configure driver.  Select 2x, 24-bit color, and leave the rest blank.  If the game crashes for no reason or doesn't start up, try switching the display
 drivers.
\par 
\par Also if the music is choppy, consult musicfix.zip
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par Now have fun with Migget Chainsaw Hands!  But beware, the game gets harder with your 
\par increasing score!
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par   }{\f5\fs40\cf11 
\par }}